feat: add support for Angular v11 (follow up) (#120)
angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages: docs/README_contributors.md

Follow the instructions for [checking and updating the Angular CLI version](#angular-cli) and then link the package.

### 1. Optional: Latest Angular version

This builder requires the method `getTargetOptions()` from the Angular DevKit which was introduced [here](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/pull/13825/files).
All Angular projects with Angular 9 and greater are supposed to be compatible. (Actually it works with some versions of 8.x too, but you want to be up to date anyway, don't you?)

> Execute the next three steps, if your test-project is still older.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the next three steps, if your test project is still older.
```

```
cd angular-cli-ghpages/src
npm run prettier
npm run build
npm run test
npm publish dist
npm dist-tag add angular-cli-ghpages@0.6.0-rc.0 next
```

## Keeping track of all the forks

[ngx-deploy-starter](https://github.com/angular-schule/ngx-deploy-starter/) and

> [angular-cli-ghpages](https://github.com/angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages/) (both developed by Johannes Hoppe) are follow-up projects of the depcrecated [ngx-gh demo](https://github.com/mgechev/ngx-gh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[angular-cli-ghpages](https://github.com/angular-schule/angular-cli-ghpages/) (both developed by Johannes Hoppe) are follow-up projects of the deprecated [ngx-gh demo](https://github.com/mgechev/ngx-gh).
```

> This project was a follow-up of the deploy shematics from the [angularfire](https://github.com/angular/angularfire/) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was a follow-up of the deploy schematics from the [angularfire](https://github.com/angular/angularfire/) project.
```

> To stay in sync with the stuff that the Angular team is doing, we want to keep an eye on the following files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stay in sync with the stuff the Angular team is doing, you might want to keep an eye on the following files:
```
